README.md, before:

# Faefolk Fantasium

You can visit the live site here.

For my Milestone Project 3 in L5 Web Application Development, I have created a Flask-backed app designed with CRUD function in such a way that users can access a database to create, read, update and delete ethereal beings.  This app has been developed in such a way that it is very simple to use, as well as being fully accessible and responsive, covering a range of different devices.

  ## User Experience - UX


  - User Stories

  As a User...

    - I would like to be able to have a simple application that allows me to add a new being using the name and description.
    - I would like to be able to edit the being's name as well as desription.
    - I would like to be able to delete the being and for an alert to pop up incase the delete button is clicked accidentally.
    - I would like to have an easy-to-use navigation system.

    ## Design

    - Colour Scheme

    Below represents the different colours used in this project:

      - #eaf276
      - #fff56d
      - #fffb00
      - #486b48 
      - #3e613e 
      - #263c26
      - #dc7601
      
      I chose these colours for specific earthy tones which represents the ethereal, fantasy world in which these beings dwell.

      ## Typography

      -

Commit message:

Add font images to README.md

README.md, after:

# Faefolk Fantasium

You can visit the live site here.

For my Milestone Project 3 in L5 Web Application Development, I have created a Flask-backed app designed with CRUD function in such a way that users can access a database to create, read, update and delete ethereal beings.  This app has been developed in such a way that it is very simple to use, as well as being fully accessible and responsive, covering a range of different devices.

  ## User Experience - UX


  - User Stories

  As a User...

    - I would like to be able to have a simple application that allows me to add a new being using the name and description.
    - I would like to be able to edit the being's name as well as desription.
    - I would like to be able to delete the being and for an alert to pop up incase the delete button is clicked accidentally.
    - I would like to have an easy-to-use navigation system.

    ## Design

    - Colour Scheme

    Below represents the different colours used in this project:

      - #eaf276
      - #fff56d
      - #fffb00
      - #486b48 
      - #3e613e 
      - #263c26
      - #dc7601
      
      I chose these colours for specific earthy tones which represent the ethereal, fantasy world in which these beings dwell.

      ## Typography

      - I have used the following fonts: 
      
      "Princess Sofia" as the font for the main header:
      
      "Macondo" for the smaller headers and buttons:
      
      "Updock" for the card titles:
      
      I chose these fonts for their whimsical look to go in line with the app. I have used [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com) for this.
